Do you guys have any idea who is behind this?
If you don't tell me, I will kill you right now.
If you say
The king will release you now.
You die this heart.
Except a little waste.
It's not that it doesn't work.
Leader.
Gentlemen, for the benefit of your two centers.
I will let you live.
Mr. Su, he is scheming and shameless.
I did not complete the task you assigned.
Don't hesitate to take out the second level of the Longevity Feeling cultivation method.
Can you say this little beast won't die?
It seemed that Great Wall felt that the second level of the cultivation method was already in his hands.
Think differently.
Act him out.
Where?
Come to the Devil Sect and help me with some work.